Exercise 1:
Write a program that accepts integer array and an integer. List all the elements in the array that are greater than the value of given integer. Print the result in descending order.

Sample Input 1:
input1: [1, 4, 7, 3, 9, 15, 24]
input2: 17

Sample Output 1: [24]

Sample Input 2:
input1: [4, 8, 2, 6, 5, 12]
input2: 5

Sample Output 2: [12, 8, 6]

create a class library  with a method GetElements() which accepts an integer array and the integer as input and returns an integer array. 
If there is no element found in input1, then store -1 to the first element of output array.
Create a console application which would get the input and call the method GetElements() present in the class library. If the return value is -1 then, print "No element found".

-----------------------------------------------------
Exercise 2:
Write a program that gets the count of elements in input1 list that starts with the character passed in input2 irrespective of case. Print the count.

Business Rule:
	1. If there is no element that start with the given char in input1, then return -1.
	2. Only alphabets should be given in input1 string else return -2.

Create a class in class library with a method GetCount which accepts the size of the string array, string array and a character. The return type (Integer) should return count. Follow the Business rules.

Create a Class CountApp in Console Application which would be used to accept the size of the array, the array elements and a character, and call the static method present in UserProgramCode.

Input and Output Format:
Input consists of an integer, which corresponds to the size of the array, a string array, and a character.
Output consists of an Integer(final count), or a String(“No elements Found” if -1 is returned or “Only alphabets should be given” if -2 is returned.

Refer sample output for formatting specifications.
Sample Input 1:
3
abc
Apple
Mango
a
Sample Output 1:
2

Sample Input 2:
2
goods
bads
a
Sample Output 2:
No elements Found

Sample Input 3:
2
good$
bad$
a
Sample Output 3:
Only alphabets should be given

